Changing the Return Address
Further inspection on the code reveals
the use of a return address
located in a DLL that is not
part of the vulnerable software.
Let’s connect to our Windows
client and verify this.
We’ll launch Immunity,
attach it to Sync Breeze,
and display the loaded modules.
Looking at the loaded modules in
the debugger on our Windows client,
we notice that this DLL is absent,
meaning that the return address
will not be valid for our target.
Given that we already have a working
exploit from our previous module,
we can replace the target return address
with our own, which is valid.
If we did not have a return address
from a previously developed exploit,
we have a few options.
The first, and most recommended option,
is to recreate the target
environment locally
and use a debugger
to determine this address.
This is the process we used when
we developed the original exploit.
If this is not an option,
then we could use information from
other publicly available exploits
to get a reliable return address that
will match our target environment.
This method is less reliable
and can vary widely depending on the
protections the operating system
has installed.
As an alternative, we could
obtain a return address
directly from the target machine.
If we have access to our target
as an unprivileged user
and want to run an exploit that
will elevate our privileges,
we can copy the DLLs that
we are interested in
to our attack machine
and use various tools such as msfpescan
to obtain a reliable return address.